README.md, before:

# MalAPIReader
Reads and prints information from the website [MalAPI.io](https://malapi.io/)

``` 
optional arguments:
  z -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  --pe PE, -p PE        Specify a PE to read. The WinAPI will be checked
                        against MalAPI and information will be printed about
                        the API if the information is present.
  --look LOOK, -l LOOK  Look up an API by name and print all information.
```
  
  The --look option takes one argument: the name of an API. It will then make a request for the basic details about the API from MalAPI.io and print it. In the example below, we pass "CreateRemoteThread" as an argument and receive information back.
  
  ![Screenshot 2021-11-02 050332](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/77356206/139817458-940378a8-d06a-433a-80f3-abfbfbd9400c.png)

  
  The --pe option takes one argument: the path and name to an PE file. It will then read the Import Address Table and check for any entries on MalAPI.io. If an entry is found, information about the API is then printed.
  
  For example, in the below image, OpenProcessToken was found and information was printed.
  
  ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/77356206/139821165-75f5c780-f328-413b-9a4a-481bfeb3ce02.png)

  
# Known Bug
Keyboard Interrupts are not reliable. I am able to interrupt when running from IDLE but not when running from cmd.exe

The script does not yet account for difference between Unicdoe and ANSI versions of API. That functionality will need to be implemented later. At this time, it will fail to find the API in the table if the API in the IAT does not match the MalAPI version exactly.

# Thanks
Thank you mr.d0x for the inspiring project.

Commit message:

Updated Readme to match current functionality.

README.md, after:

# MalAPIReader
Reads and prints information from the website [MalAPI.io](https://malapi.io/)

``` 
optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  --pe PE, -p PE        Specify a PE to read. The WinAPI will be checked against MalAPI and information will be printed about the API if the information is present.
  --look LOOK, -l LOOK  Look up an API by name and print all information.
  --verbose, -v         Increase verbosity of output
  --report, -r          Write report to the reports directory
  --live LIVE           Use data live on the site rather than stored data. Requires one argument 'y'
```
# New! Local Storage capability.
In this version, the default behavior is to use a locally stored database with the contents of the [MalAPI.io](https://malapi.io/) website. The website was scrapped and saved using shelve. There is currently no functionality to update the database. Users can still use the old functionality of scraping the website by using the `--live` flag, just note that this is remarkably slower.

The locally stored database stores all the metadata from MalAPI though not all of it is visible in MalAPIReader.

# Usage

  The primary option is the --pe option. This option has one required argument: the path and name to an PE file. It will then read the Import Address Table and check for any entries in the local MalAPI.io database (or check the live website, if the optional `--live` option is used. If an entry is found, information about each API is then printed.
  
  For example, in the below image, the binary regsrv.exe1.malz was scanned and information regarding the WinAPI was printed. The output is categorized by API usage type as categorized on MalAPI.io.
![Screen Shot 2022-06-11 at 9 06 26 AM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/77356206/173189283-b9f4a463-e423-4e20-9a64-399e5c92f9d5.png)



  The --look option takes one argument: the name of an API. It will then make a request for the basic details about the API from MalAPI.io and print it. In the example below, we pass "GetDesktopWindow" as an argument and receive information back.
![Screen Shot 2022-06-11 at 9 07 03 AM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/77356206/173189292-1e48b438-317e-4be8-9b3c-3a096f6f6cfb.png)


# Things to Come
I am planning on improving the output in cases when MalAPIReader throws up or does not have much to say. For example, .NET binaries return little information and I would like to inform the user as to why. Other edge cases are trying to be accounted for too: such as when a binary has no Import Table.

I am planning on better highlighting the most interesting imports and providing more guidance to the user.

# Known Bug
Keyboard Interrupts are not reliable. I am able to interrupt when running from IDLE but not when running from cmd.exe


# Thanks
Thank you mr.d0x for the inspiring project.
